## Meeting 2 Notes - September 19, 2016

## UI Mocks
* Don't need to be too sophisticated 
* Wireframes for general idea and feel

## Archetecture/Design
* Do we need deliverables every week? Ans: whatever Sriram wants from us.
* Want security archetecture diagrams
* List of technologies we're going to use

## Memory Encryption
* Open sourcing this will allow people to mess with it
* Mid-priority
* Don't need special encryptiony things - going for a more "psuedo memory encryption"

## Goals for First Sprint
* Add/Edit/Delete
